GENERAL DESCRIPTION
===================
C-ICAP Classify is a module that allows classification (labeling) of
web pages, images, (and soon video) based on content. Labels are
placed in HTTP Headers. Any PIC-Label META tags are exported into HTTP
headers. This allows for creation of very flexible filters according to
rules defined by the user, using the ICAP enabled proxy's ACLs. This is
NOT a URL filter, so implementing it with sslBump, or similar proxy
technologies, makes it very difficult to bypass. The Text
classification is done using Fast Hyperspace (based on Hyperspace from
CRM114) and/or a Fast Naive Bayes. Image and video (when implemented)
use haar feature detection from the OpenCV Library.


DICTATORS AND CONTROL FREAKS
============================
This software is intended as a help for businesses to maximize
production by minimizing, but allowing some, personal use of the
Internet and blocking porn and other such material to protect them from
lawsuits. It is also intended for families and private organizations to
block material they deem inappropriate, within the networks they
control, by sake of ownership or agreement. It is also appropriately
used to block, in public places, material which the general population
would deem inappropriate in public places; such places being public
kiosks, public libraries, public schools for minors, etc.

This software is NOT intended to block content for the general
population in the homes of private citizens; whether by governments,
dictators, or any other extremist nut-jobs in charge. While nothing in
the license to this software prohibits such use, if you are a control
freak or a dictator who is trying to control people outside of the
intended uses above, please use other software.


DEPENDENCIES
============
TRE (regex library) - Used for all text classification.
OpenCV - Used for all image and video classification.
C-ICAP - This is a c-icap module. It requires c-icap development
libraries to be compiled. It is run through C-ICAP.
An ICAP enabled proxy which can do ACLs based on HTTP reply headers.
(Squid is one such proxy.)


COMPILATION
===========
This uses the standard automake/autoconf system.

./configure
make
make install

Of course, it is often better to use higher level installation tools.
There is an example RPM SPEC file in contrib.


CLASSIFICATION DATA
===================
Currently there is no publicly available data. Please, use the
fnb/fhs_learn programs to create your own for the text data. Each
category should be trained to one .fnb/.fhs file. You can train
multiple documents in each category. All categories should use the same
primary and secondary hash seed key. Input files must be UTF-8.

Training of OpenCV for image and video is beyond the scope of this
document. Please, refer to OpenCV documentation for details. Each
category should be its own haar feature cascade.

Pursuant to the TRADEMARKS section below, if you choose to distribute
your data, permission is hereby given to use the mark "C-ICAP Classify"
as saying your data is designed to work with this program. However, you
may not use any author's/contributor's name, likeness, contact
information, etc. in any way without their permission. Additionally,
you may not claim, in any way, that your data is authorized,
sanctioned, approved, endorsed, certified, etc. by the C-ICAP Classify
Project, or any author/contributor to that project without their
written and signed consent. Such respect and courtesy should be
extended to those of the C-ICAP project as well.


TRADEMARKS AND OTHER MARKS
==========================
We recognize "C-ICAP" as a trademark of Christos Tsantilas. We use it
in the name for this project by permission.
Trever L. Adams claims "C-ICAP Classify" (hereafter "the mark") as a
trademark.

Permission to use the mark "C-ICAP Classify" hereby is given for all
compiled/packaged copies of this software, from the original,
unmodified source.

Permission is given to use the mark for all derivatives of this
software, which may reasonably be still called by the same name,
provided the software is marked in documentation and/or package names
as being a modified version, with information on the modifications
included and who is responsible for them placed in appropriate, easy to
use and find documentation. Those using the mark should attempt to
upstream bug-fixes and enhancements to the official source tree of the
project. PERMISSION TO USE THE MARK IN DERIVATIVE/MODIFIED VERSIONS MAY
BE REVOKED AT ANY TIME BY A NOTE TO THAT EFFECT BEING PLACED IN THE
"README" FILE IN THE OFFICIAL SOURCE TREE OF THE PROJECT, OR ON A CASE
BY CASE BASIS THROUGH EMAILS TO THE RESPONSIBLE PARTIES LISTED IN
DOCUMENTATION OF DERIVATIVES. Derivative/Modified versions MUST stop
using the mark within 30 days after such a notice being placed, or such
emails being sent.  It is the responsibility of those who derive and/or
modify this software to keep such email addresses in the documentation
present and current. If you cannot/do not agree, in a completely
binding way, to this paragraph, you are not given permission to use the
mark for modified or derived versions of this software. While not a
guarantee, permission is intended only to be revoked in the case of
widespread abuse of the mark, or on a case by case basis where the mark
is being diluted or damaged; such as these terms not being followed.


All other marks are property of their respective owners. We apologize
for any place we fail to recognize the marks or their owners.
